Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/bundle.md

* [Bundle Methods in a plugin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUXcDwQwmPk)
* [Symfony services in Shopware 6](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5QJ8EtilaY)

> * The free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/path/shopware-backend-development-essentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For related Academy background on plugin lifecycle and services, see

- **[Plugin Lifecycle Management](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/plugin-lifecycle-management)**
- **[Dependency Injection and Services](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/dependency-injection-and-services)**

from the free **Shopware Backend Development Intermediate** learning path.
```
